>> Steve Kinney: Second application we're
going to build is clipboard manager which
is going to integrate some new and
exciting terrain for us.
One, it is going to listen to
global shortcuts, all this
accelerators we put on those menu items,
those are from within the application.
But, what if we wanted to
trigger stuff from anywhere?
Right, so we can register at global
shortcuts with the operating system.
It will be able to read and
write from the clipboard.
A common question I get a lot is,
what if I wanna use Angular or
Ember, or React or whatever, right?
What if I wanna use TypeScript?
What if I wanna use CoffeeScript?
No one asks me anymore.
What if I want to use Sass, or whatever.
Right.
And those are all
very easy things to do without
a complicated bell process.
Yeah, I want to use Babel, so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to set
up a web pack config, that's going to like
on every file change, automatically
compile a new render JS, so on, so forth.
That will work, you don't need
to do any of that, it'll work.
So, this application is going to
read more from the clip board,
it is gonna have global shortcuts, and
also it's going to be able to support
either TypeScript or fancy pants
JavaScript with Babel or a CoffeeScript or
any of those things as well.
We're actually gonna build it as
the world's simplest React application.
Even if you don't know any React,
that is totally fine.
It's not gonna, you might learn a little
bit of React along the way, but
there is is not React
prerequisite knowledge for this.
It'll just be some of that by hand dom
manipulation that we
were doing in the one.
We just, we used React for that.
Instead, and it's mostly to demonstrate
how easy it is to set up and
the fact that you don't need to like set
up a Babel compiler step for JSX and
things along that those lines, but
like I said, you could do this.
There are also libraries,
like amber usually is a, has a,
I think there is a amber electron which
will basically use embassy ally and
an electron application together and
basically in sync for you.
And this is very similar for
angular as well.
So, for whatever your framework of
choice is, there is an option for that.
I only worked with React because it is for
our purposes the lowest learning curve,
if you didn't know any of them or
if you know a different one.
So, we want that one.
So, how do you do this
transpilation stuff?
How do you do CoffeeScript to
the version of JavaScript supported by
whatever version of V8 is in electron.
You basically just pont on the problem.
There is a library
called electron compile.
Electron compile basically
built in the recompile step,
so in our dependencies,
you might have seen that we had electron,
now electron use to be
called electron pre-built,
up until like i must say 2017, where i
just used electron library for that.
There is a library called
electron pre-built compile,
where you can use that instead of
electron and it will basically give
you a version of electron that has all
the build process steps already built in.
So basically use that instead, and
now all of a sudden you can use Babel, or
TypeScript, or CoffeeScript, or
Sass, or Less or Stylus or Jade, or
whatever you want.
If even that is a little bit too much for
you,
we'll talk about another really
great tool that I recommend.
But let's just talk about what we
actually get from electron compile first.
So as you're kind of compiled
to JavaScript languages,
you get Babel, TypeScript,
CoffeeScript and GraphQL support.
Just built in.
How do you opt into these?
Well, if you have a file that ends
in .js it's gonna run through Babel,
if you have a file that ends in .ts it's
going to run through TypeScript, so on and
so forth, right?
The file extension will dictate
what pre-compiler runs through.
You don't have to worry about it.
If you're using electron pile, you get the
transpilation step completely for free.
CSS, you can write Less, you can write
Sass or SCSS, Stylus, any of those.
You just use the right file extension,
it will automatically transpile them and
work for you,
you don't have to think about it.
HTML, you can use Jade or you can use
Vue.js 2.0 Single-File Components.
All right so, if you are into
that you can just use those.
Again file extension dictates
which one we're working with.
You don't think about it.
You don't have to configure anything.
There is a way to tweak and
configure things,
that we will take a look at in a second,
but out of the box the file extension
will go with some sensible defaults.
The tweaking stuff is usually most
important for things like Babel because,
as many of us know, Babel does nothing.
Right, Bable is plug-in powered mostly,
if you just run code through Bable,
you get the same code out the other end.
It's all about Bable plug-ins.
So if you're using Bable, there are some
things you might want to consider doing.
And then JSON, you can use CSON instead,
which is CoffeeScript Object Notation.
>> Steve Kinney: It's what Adam uses.
I have never used it,
never occurred to me too, but
it thing, and you can use that as well.
And so like I said, instead of if you are
starting a brand new app like this case,
because I wanted to not make you
watch me write CSS, You're welcome.
I gave you repose and you pulled down.
I had the dependencies in a packaged JSON.
But instead of doing npm install electron,
you would do an npm install
electron-prebuilt-compile.
And you'd treat everything
exactly the same way,
except now you have translation for free.